adding dia to the project (#2)
fcanales123/Whatever: dia.txt

> this is a note to say: Que chimba!

Reviewer: Esta malo

Author: ```suggestion
this is a note to say: Que bacano!
```

> this is a note to say: Que bacano!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this is a note to say: Que chimba marica!
```
